hey what's going on folks it's mike here
and welcome to a very exciting
introduction to the opengl programming
series now in this series i'm going to
be discussing the opengl programming api
so if you're not aware opengl is one of
the most popular graphics programming
apis alongside direct3d
metal and vulkan for instance that
allows you to create different gaming
applications virtual reality cad
software 3d modeling as well as a
multitude of other 2d software as well
so in this series what i'm going to
cover is opengl programming from scratch
so that means if you're just getting
started this is a series for you
we're going to be using the c plus
programming language for the lessons in
this series so feel free to check out my
other series if you'd like to ramp up on
those skills as well
and and the other thing that we're going
to be covering specific to opengl is
modern opengl so that means version 3.3
and beyond so that you're doing the
latest and greatest stuff that you would
likely be doing if you're working on the
job in opengl or just progressing
further now a lot of the materials that
again we're going to be showing are
applicable to c plus plus and opengl but
if you're going to use another language
like python for instance or even webgl
you'll still be learning the
fundamentals of how the api works and i
like to cover things from scratch so you
really get to see how things work what
documentation i'm using and so on as we
learn opengl so i'm excited to take this
journey with you welcome to the series
and with that said let's go ahead and
hop on to the next video so you can go
ahead and get started learning we'll see
you soon folks